This Privacy Policy describes the company's privacy data policies and practices, which will cover how we collect, use, process, store and/or disclose personal information about you collected through our mobile App. Please read our privacy policy carefully. How does our company collect your personal information? Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact someone. When you use our company's mobile App, we will collect your personal information, such as email address and telephone number, during the process of registering users. In order to protect personal privacy, you should not provide any information other than the company's special requirements. How to Use Your Personal Information

Send you the service information of our company's mobile App through your personal information.
Realize the function of password retrieving through your personal information.
Except for the reorganization, merger or sale of the company, all personal information collected by us can be transferred to the relevant third party, the company will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless prior permission is obtained from you, or the third party and the company provide services for you individually or jointly, and after the end of the service, they will Prohibited access to all of this information, including all that it has previously been able to access. III. Personal Information Security It is very important for us to ensure the security of your personal data. When you register and enter personal data in our company's mobile App, we will use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt these information. In the two stages of data transmission and data storage, we will protect the information you submit to us through widely accepted industry standards such as firewalls, encryption and data privacy legal requirements. However, none of the Internet transmission or electronic storage methods is 100% secure. Therefore, although we can protect your personal information in a commercially acceptable way, we still can not guarantee the absolute security of information.
How long will our company keep personal information? Generally speaking, the company will only retain your personal information until the required period for the purpose of collection, while observing the data retention period stipulated by applicable law. Statement of legal exemption We have the right to disclose your personal information when required by law and when the company considers it necessary to disclose information related to you to protect the company's legal rights and interests and/or to comply with judicial procedures, court orders or legal procedures applicable to the company's mobile App. If the Company determines that disclosure is reasonable and necessary in order to implement the terms and conditions of the Company or to protect our business, we may disclose information related to you. VI. Changes in the Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, on our website, and where we think appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it. We reserve the right to amend this policy at any time, so please check it regularly. If any major changes are made to this policy, we will inform you by way of website notification. VII. Privacy issues If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or data processing, please contact us at 1816616256@qq.com.
